a a b b c c a a 
a a b b c c aa  
a a b b c ca a  
a a b b c caa   
a a b b cc a a  
a a b b cc aa   
a a b b cca a   
a a b b ccaa    
a a b bc c a a  
a a b bc c aa   
a a b bc ca a   
a a b bc caa    
a a b bcc a a   
a a b bcc aa    
a a b bcca a    
a a b bccaa     
a a bb c c a a  
a a bb c c aa
a a bb c ca a 
a a bb c caa
a a bb cc a a
a a bb cc aa
a a bb cca a
a a bb ccaa
a a bbc c a a
a a bbc c aa
a a bbc ca a
a a bbc caa
a a bbcc a a
a a bbcc aa
a a bbcca a
a a bbccaa 
a ab b c c a a
a ab b c c aa
a ab b c ca a
a ab b c caa
a ab b cc a a
a ab b cc aa
a ab b cca a
a ab b ccaa
a ab bc c a a
a ab bc c aa
a ab bc ca a
a ab bc caa 
a ab bcc a a
a ab bcc aa
a ab bcca a
a ab bccaa
a abb c c a a
a abb c c aa
a abb c ca a
a abb c caa
a abb cc a a
a abb cc aa
a abb cca a
a abb ccaa
a abbc c a a
a abbc c aa
a abbc ca a
a abbc caa
a abbcc a a 
a abbcc aa
a abbcca a
a abbccaa
aa b b c c a a
aa b b c c aa
aa b b c ca a
aa b b c caa
aa b b cc a a
aa b b cc aa
aa b b cca a
aa b b ccaa
aa b bc c a a
aa b bc c aa
aa b bc ca a
aa b bc caa
aa b bcc a a 
aa b bcc aa
aa b bcca a
aa b bccaa
aa bb c c a a
aa bb c c aa
aa bb c ca a
aa bb c caa
aa bb cc a a
aa bb cc aa
aa bb cca a
aa bb ccaa
aa bbc c a a
aa bbc c aa
aa bbc ca a 
aa bbc caa
aa bbcc a a
aa bbcc aa
aa bbcca a
aa bbccaa
aab b c c a a
aab b c c aa
aab b c ca a
aab b c caa
aab b cc a a
aab b cc aa
aab b cca a
aab b ccaa
aab bc c a a
aab bc c aa
aab bc ca a
aab bc caa 
aab bcc a a
aab bcc aa
aab bcca a
aab bccaa
aabb c c a a
aabb c c aa
aabb c ca a
aabb c caa
aabb cc a a
aabb cc aa
aabb cca a
aabb ccaa
aabbc c a a
aabbc c aa
aabbc ca a
aabbc caa
aabbcc a a
aabbcc aa
aabbcca a
aabbccaa
















aabbccaabbaabb













aab bccaab ba abb 
aab bccaab baa b b
aab bccaab baa bb
aab bccaab baab b
aab bccaab baabb
aab bccaabb a a b b
aab bccaabb a a bb
aab bccaabb a ab b
aab bccaabb a abb
aab bccaabb aa b b
aab bccaabb aa bb
aab bccaabb aab b
aab bccaabb aabb
aab bccaabba a b b
aab bccaabba a bb
aab bccaabba ab b
aab bccaabba abb
aab bccaabbaa b b 
aab bccaabbaa bb
aab bccaabbaab b
aab bccaabbaabb
aabb c c a a b b a a b b
aabb c c a a b b a a bb
aabb c c a a b b a ab b
aabb c c a a b b a abb
aabb c c a a b b aa b b
aabb c c a a b b aa bb
aabb c c a a b b aab b
aabb c c a a b b aabb
aabb c c a a b ba a b b
aabb c c a a b ba a bb 
aabb c c a a b ba ab b
aabb c c a a b ba abb
aabb c c a a b baa b b
aabb c c a a b baa bb
aabb c c a a b baab b
aabb c c a a b baabb
aabb c c a a bb a a b b
aabb c c a a bb a a bb
aabb c c a a bb a ab b
aabb c c a a bb a abb
aabb c c a a bb aa b b 
aabb c c a a bb aa bb
aabb c c a a bb aab b
aabb c c a a bb aabb
aabb c c a a bba a b b
aabb c c a a bba a bb
aabb c c a a bba ab b
aabb c c a a bba abb
aabb c c a a bbaa b b
aabb c c a a bbaa bb
aabb c c a a bbaab b
aabb c c a a bbaabb
aabb c c a ab b a a b b 
aabb c c a ab b a a bb
aabb c c a ab b a ab b
aabb c c a ab b a abb
aabb c c a ab b aa b b
aabb c c a ab b aa bb
aabb c c a ab b aab b
aabb c c a ab b aabb
aabb c c a ab ba a b b
aabb c c a ab ba a bb
aabb c c a ab ba ab b
aabb c c a ab ba abb
aabb c c a ab baa b b 
aabb c c a ab baa bb
aabb c c a ab baab b
aabb c c a ab baabb
aabb c c a abb a a b b
aabb c c a abb a a bb
aabb c c a abb a ab b
aabb c c a abb a abb
aabb c c a abb aa b b
aabb c c a abb aa bb
aabb c c a abb aab b
aabb c c a abb aabb
aabb c c a abba a b b
aabb c c a abba a bb
aabb c c a abba ab b 
aabb c c a abba abb
aabb c c a abbaa b b
aabb c c a abbaa bb
aabb c c a abbaab b
aabb c c a abbaabb
aabb c c aa b b a a b b
aabb c c aa b b a a bb
aabb c c aa b b a ab b
aabb c c aa b b a abb
aabb c c aa b b aa b b
aabb c c aa b b aa bb
aabb c c aa b b aab b 
aabb c c aa b b aabb
aabb c c aa b ba a b b
aabb c c aa b ba a bb
aabb c c aa b ba ab b
aabb c c aa b ba abb
aabb c c aa b baa b b
aabb c c aa b baa bb
aabb c c aa b baab b
aabb c c aa b baabb
aabb c c aa bb a a b b
aabb c c aa bb a a bb
aabb c c aa bb a ab b
aabb c c aa bb a abb 
aabb c c aa bb aa b b
aabb c c aa bb aa bb
aabb c c aa bb aab b
aabb c c aa bb aabb
aabb c c aa bba a b b
aabb c c aa bba a bb
aabb c c aa bba ab b
aabb c c aa bba abb
aabb c c aa bbaa b b
aabb c c aa bbaa bb
aabb c c aa bbaab b
aabb c c aa bbaabb
aabb c c aab b a a b b 
aabb c c aab b a a bb
aabb c c aab b a ab b
aabb c c aab b a abb
aabb c c aab b aa b b
aabb c c aab b aa bb
aabb c c aab b aab b
aabb c c aab b aabb
aabb c c aab ba a b b
aabb c c aab ba a bb
aabb c c aab ba ab b
aabb c c aab ba abb
aabb c c aab baa b b 
aabb c c aab baa bb
aabb c c aab baab b
aabb c c aab baabb
aabb c c aabb a a b b
aabb c c aabb a a bb
aabb c c aabb a ab b
aabb c c aabb a abb
aabb c c aabb aa b b
aabb c c aabb aa bb
aabb c c aabb aab b
aabb c c aabb aabb
aabb c c aabba a b b
aabb c c aabba a bb
aabb c c aabba ab b 
aabb c c aabba abb
aabb c c aabbaa b b
aabb c c aabbaa bb
aabb c c aabbaab b
aabb c c aabbaabb
aabb c ca a b b a a b b
aabb c ca a b b a a bb
aabb c ca a b b a ab b
aabb c ca a b b a abb
aabb c ca a b b aa b b
aabb c ca a b b aa bb
aabb c ca a b b aab b 
aabb c ca a b b aabb
aabb c ca a b ba a b b
aabb c ca a b ba a bb
aabb c ca a b ba ab b
aabb c ca a b ba abb
aabb c ca a b baa b b
aabb c ca a b baa bb
aabb c ca a b baab b
aabb c ca a b baabb
aabb c ca a bb a a b b
aabb c ca a bb a a bb 
aabb c ca a bb a ab b
aabb c ca a bb a abb
aabb c ca a bb aa b b
aabb c ca a bb aa bb
aabb c ca a bb aab b
aabb c ca a bb aabb
aabb c ca a bba a b b
aabb c ca a bba a bb
aabb c ca a bba ab b
aabb c ca a bba abb 
aabb c ca a bbaa b b
aabb c ca a bbaa bb
aabb c ca a bbaab b
aabb c ca a bbaabb
aabb c ca ab b a a b b
aabb c ca ab b a a bb
aabb c ca ab b a ab b
aabb c ca ab b a abb
aabb c ca ab b aa b b
aabb c ca ab b aa bb
aabb c ca ab b aab b
aabb c ca ab b aabb 
aabb c ca ab ba a b b
aabb c ca ab ba a bb
aabb c ca ab ba ab b
aabb c ca ab ba abb
aabb c ca ab baa b b
aabb c ca ab baa bb
aabb c ca ab baab b
aabb c ca ab baabb
aabb c ca abb a a b b
aabb c ca abb a a bb
aabb c ca abb a ab b
aabb c ca abb a abb
aabb c ca abb aa b b 
aabb c ca abb aa bb
aabb c ca abb aab b
aabb c ca abb aabb
aabb c ca abba a b b
aabb c ca abba a bb
aabb c ca abba ab b
aabb c ca abba abb
aabb c ca abbaa b b
aabb c ca abbaa bb
aabb c ca abbaab b
aabb c ca abbaabb
aabb c caa b b a a b b
aabb c caa b b a a bb 
aabb c caa b b a ab b
aabb c caa b b a abb
aabb c caa b b aa b b
aabb c caa b b aa bb
aabb c caa b b aab b
aabb c caa b b aabb
aabb c caa b ba a b b
aabb c caa b ba a bb
aabb c caa b ba ab b
aabb c caa b ba abb
aabb c caa b baa b b
aabb c caa b baa bb
aabb c caa b baab b 
aabb c caa b baabb
aabb c caa bb a a b b
aabb c caa bb a a bb
aabb c caa bb a ab b
aabb c caa bb a abb
aabb c caa bb aa b b
aabb c caa bb aa bb
aabb c caa bb aab b
aabb c caa bb aabb
aabb c caa bba a b b
aabb c caa bba a bb
aabb c caa bba ab b
aabb c caa bba abb
aabb c caa bbaa b b
aabb c caa bbaa bb
aabb c caa bbaab b
aabb c caa bbaabb
aabb c caab b a a b b
aabb c caab b a a bb
aabb c caab b a ab b
aabb c caab b a abb
aabb c caab b aa b b
aabb c caab b aa bb
aabb c caab b aab b
aabb c caab b aabb
aabb c caab ba a b b
aabb c caab ba a bb 
aabb c caab ba ab b
aabb c caab ba abb
aabb c caab baa b b
aabb c caab baa bb
aabb c caab baab b
aabb c caab baabb
aabb c caabb a a b b
aabb c caabb a a bb
aabb c caabb a ab b
aabb c caabb a abb
aabb c caabb aa b b
aabb c caabb aa bb
aabb c caabb aab b
aabb c caabb aabb 
aabb c caabba a b b
aabb c caabba a bb
aabb c caabba ab b
aabb c caabba abb
aabb c caabbaa b b
aabb c caabbaa bb
aabb c caabbaab b
aabb c caabbaabb
aabb cc a a b b a a b b
aabb cc a a b b a a bb
aabb cc a a b b a ab b
aabb cc a a b b a abb
aabb cc a a b b aa b b
aabb cc a a b b aa bb
aabb cc a a b b aab b 
aabb cc a a b b aabb
aabb cc a a b ba a b b
aabb cc a a b ba a bb
aabb cc a a b ba ab b
aabb cc a a b ba abb
aabb cc a a b baa b b
aabb cc a a b baa bb
aabb cc a a b baab b
aabb cc a a b baabb
aabb cc a a bb a a b b
aabb cc a a bb a a bb 
aabb cc a a bb a ab b
aabb cc a a bb a abb
aabb cc a a bb aa b b
aabb cc a a bb aa bb 
aabb cc a a bb aab b
aabb cc a a bb aabb
aabb cc a a bba a b b
aabb cc a a bba a bb
aabb cc a a bba ab b
aabb cc a a bba abb
aabb cc a a bbaa b b
aabb cc a a bbaa bb
aabb cc a a bbaab b 
aabb cc a a bbaabb
aabb cc a ab b a a b b
aabb cc a ab b a a bb
aabb cc a ab b a ab b
aabb cc a ab b a abb
aabb cc a ab b aa b b
aabb cc a ab b aa bb
aabb cc a ab b aab b
aabb cc a ab b aabb
aabb cc a ab ba a b b
aabb cc a ab ba a bb 
aabb cc a ab ba ab b
aabb cc a ab ba abb
aabb cc a ab baa b b
aabb cc a ab baa bb
aabb cc a ab baab b
aabb cc a ab baabb
aabb cc a abb a a b b
aabb cc a abb a a bb
aabb cc a abb a ab b
aabb cc a abb a abb
aabb cc a abb aa b b
aabb cc a abb aa bb
aabb cc a abb aab b
aabb cc a abb aabb 
aabb cc a abba a b b
aabb cc a abba a bb
aabb cc a abba ab b
aabb cc a abba abb
aabb cc a abbaa b b
aabb cc a abbaa bb
aabb cc a abbaab b
aabb cc a abbaabb
aabb cc aa b b a a b b
aabb cc aa b b a a bb
aabb cc aa b b a ab b
aabb cc aa b b a abb
aabb cc aa b b aa b b 
aabb cc aa b b aa bb
aabb cc aa b b aab b
aabb cc aa b b aabb
aabb cc aa b ba a b b
aabb cc aa b ba a bb
aabb cc aa b ba ab b
aabb cc aa b ba abb
aabb cc aa b baa b b
aabb cc aa b baa bb
aabb cc aa b baab b
aabb cc aa b baabb
aabb cc aa bb a a b b 
aabb cc aa bb a a bb
aabb cc aa bb a ab b
aabb cc aa bb a abb
aabb cc aa bb aa b b
aabb cc aa bb aa bb
aabb cc aa bb aab b
aabb cc aa bb aabb
aabb cc aa bba a b b
aabb cc aa bba a bb
aabb cc aa bba ab b
aabb cc aa bba abb
aabb cc aa bbaa b b
aabb cc aa bbaa bb 
aabb cc aa bbaab b
aabb cc aa bbaabb
aabb cc aab b a a b b
aabb cc aab b a a bb
aabb cc aab b a ab b
aabb cc aab b a abb
aabb cc aab b aa b b
aabb cc aab b aa bb
aabb cc aab b aab b
aabb cc aab b aabb
aabb cc aab ba a b b
aabb cc aab ba a bb
aabb cc aab ba ab b 
aabb cc aab ba abb
aabb cc aab baa b b
aabb cc aab baa bb
aabb cc aab baab b
aabb cc aab baabb
aabb cc aabb a a b b
aabb cc aabb a a bb
aabb cc aabb a ab b
aabb cc aabb a abb
aabb cc aabb aa b b
aabb cc aabb aa bb
aabb cc aabb aab b
aabb cc aabb aabb
aabb cc aabba a b b 
aabb cc aabba a bb
aabb cc aabba ab b
aabb cc aabba abb
aabb cc aabbaa b b
aabb cc aabbaa bb
aabb cc aabbaab b
aabb cc aabbaabb
aabb cca a b b a a b b
aabb cca a b b a a bb
aabb cca a b b a ab b
aabb cca a b b a abb
aabb cca a b b aa b b
aabb cca a b b aa bb
aabb cca a b b aab b 
aabb cca a b b aabb
aabb cca a b ba a b b
aabb cca a b ba a bb
aabb cca a b ba ab b
aabb cca a b ba abb
aabb cca a b baa b b
aabb cca a b baa bb
aabb cca a b baab b
aabb cca a b baabb
aabb cca a bb a a b b
aabb cca a bb a a bb
aabb cca a bb a ab b 
aabb cca a bb a abb
aabb cca a bb aa b b
aabb cca a bb aa bb
aabb cca a bb aab b
aabb cca a bb aabb
aabb cca a bba a b b
aabb cca a bba a bb
aabb cca a bba ab b
aabb cca a bba abb
aabb cca a bbaa b b
aabb cca a bbaa bb
aabb cca a bbaab b 
aabb cca a bbaabb
aabb cca ab b a a b b
aabb cca ab b a a bb
aabb cca ab b a ab b
aabb cca ab b a abb
aabb cca ab b aa b b
aabb cca ab b aa bb
aabb cca ab b aab b
aabb cca ab b aabb
aabb cca ab ba a b b
aabb cca ab ba a bb
aabb cca ab ba ab b 
aabb cca ab ba abb
aabb cca ab baa b b
aabb cca ab baa bb
aabb cca ab baab b
aabb cca ab baabb
aabb cca abb a a b b
aabb cca abb a a bb
aabb cca abb a ab b
aabb cca abb a abb
aabb cca abb aa b b
aabb cca abb aa bb
aabb cca abb aab b
aabb cca abb aabb
aabb cca abba a b b 
aabb cca abba a bb
aabb cca abba ab b
aabb cca abba abb
aabb cca abbaa b b
aabb cca abbaa bb
aabb cca abbaab b
aabb cca abbaabb
aabb ccaa b b a a b b
aabb ccaa b b a a bb
aabb ccaa b b a ab b
aabb ccaa b b a abb
aabb ccaa b b aa b b
aabb ccaa b b aa bb 
aabb ccaa b b aab b
aabb ccaa b b aabb
aabb ccaa b ba a b b
aabb ccaa b ba a bb
aabb ccaa b ba ab b
aabb ccaa b ba abb
aabb ccaa b baa b b
aabb ccaa b baa bb
aabb ccaa b baab b
aabb ccaa b baabb
aabb ccaa bb a a b b
aabb ccaa bb a a bb
aabb ccaa bb a ab b 
aabb ccaa bb a abb
aabb ccaa bb aa b b
aabb ccaa bb aa bb
aabb ccaa bb aab b
aabb ccaa bb aabb
aabb ccaa bba a b b
aabb ccaa bba a bb
aabb ccaa bba ab b
aabb ccaa bba abb
aabb ccaa bbaa b b
aabb ccaa bbaa bb
aabb ccaa bbaab b
aabb ccaa bbaabb
aabb ccaab b a a b b
aabb ccaab b a a bb 
aabb ccaab b a ab b
aabb ccaab b a abb
aabb ccaab b aa b b
aabb ccaab b aa bb
aabb ccaab b aab b
aabb ccaab b aabb
aabb ccaab ba a b b
aabb ccaab ba a bb
aabb ccaab ba ab b
aabb ccaab ba abb
aabb ccaab baa b b
aabb ccaab baa bb
aabb ccaab baab b
aabb ccaab baabb 
aabb ccaabb a a b b
aabb ccaabb a a bb
aabb ccaabb a ab b
aabb ccaabb a abb
aabb ccaabb aa b b
aabb ccaabb aa bb
aabb ccaabb aab b
aabb ccaabb aabb
aabb ccaabba a b b
aabb ccaabba a bb
aabb ccaabba ab b
aabb ccaabba abb
aabb ccaabbaa b b
aabb ccaabbaa bb
aabb ccaabbaab b
aabb ccaabbaabb
aabbc c a a b b a a b b
aabbc c a a b b a a bb 
aabbc c a a b b a ab b
aabbc c a a b b a abb
aabbc c a a b b aa b b
aabbc c a a b b aa bb
aabbc c a a b b aab b
aabbc c a a b b aabb
aabbc c a a b ba a b b
aabbc c a a b ba a bb
aabbc c a a b ba ab b
aabbc c a a b ba abb
aabbc c a a b baa b b
aabbc c a a b baa bb
aabbc c a a b baab b
aabbc c a a b baabb
aabbc c a a bb a a b b
aabbc c a a bb a a bb
aabbc c a a bb a ab b
aabbc c a a bb a abb
aabbc c a a bb aa b b
aabbc c a a bb aa bb
aabbc c a a bb aab b
aabbc c a a bb aabb
aabbc c a a bba a b b
aabbc c a a bba a bb 
aabbc c a a bba ab b
aabbc c a a bba abb
aabbc c a a bbaa b b
aabbc c a a bbaa bb
aabbc c a a bbaab b
aabbc c a a bbaabb
aabbc c a ab b a a b b
aabbc c a ab b a a bb
aabbc c a ab b a ab b
aabbc c a ab b a abb
aabbc c a ab b aa b b
aabbc c a ab b aa bb
aabbc c a ab b aab b
aabbc c a ab b aabb
aabbc c a ab ba a b b
aabbc c a ab ba a bb
aabbc c a ab ba ab b
aabbc c a ab ba abb
aabbc c a ab baa b b
aabbc c a ab baa bb
aabbc c a ab baab b
aabbc c a ab baabb
aabbc c a abb a a b b
aabbc c a abb a a bb
aabbc c a abb a ab b 
aabbc c a abb a abb
aabbc c a abb aa b b
aabbc c a abb aa bb
aabbc c a abb aab b
aabbc c a abb aabb
aabbc c a abba a b b
aabbc c a abba a bb
aabbc c a abba ab b
aabbc c a abba abb
aabbc c a abbaa b b
aabbc c a abbaa bb
aabbc c a abbaab b
aabbc c a abbaabb
aabbc c aa b b a a b b 
aabbc c aa b b a a bb
aabbc c aa b b a ab b
aabbc c aa b b a abb
aabbc c aa b b aa b b
aabbc c aa b b aa bb
aabbc c aa b b aab b
aabbc c aa b b aabb
aabbc c aa b ba a b b
aabbc c aa b ba a bb
aabbc c aa b ba ab b
aabbc c aa b ba abb
aabbc c aa b baa b b 
aabbc c aa b baa bb
aabbc c aa b baab b
aabbc c aa b baabb
aabbc c aa bb a a b b
aabbc c aa bb a a bb
aabbc c aa bb a ab b
aabbc c aa bb a abb
aabbc c aa bb aa b b
aabbc c aa bb aa bb
aabbc c aa bb aab b
aabbc c aa bb aabb
aabbc c aa bba a b b
aabbc c aa bba a bb
aabbc c aa bba ab b 
aabbc c aa bba abb
aabbc c aa bbaa b b
aabbc c aa bbaa bb
aabbc c aa bbaab b
aabbc c aa bbaabb
aabbc c aab b a a b b
aabbc c aab b a a bb
aabbc c aab b a ab b
aabbc c aab b a abb
aabbc c aab b aa b b
aabbc c aab b aa bb
aabbc c aab b aab b
aabbc c aab b aabb
aabbc c aab ba a b b 
aabbc c aab ba a bb
aabbc c aab ba ab b
aabbc c aab ba abb
aabbc c aab baa b b
aabbc c aab baa bb
aabbc c aab baab b
aabbc c aab baabb
aabbc c aabb a a b b
aabbc c aabb a a bb
aabbc c aabb a ab b
aabbc c aabb a abb
aabbc c aabb aa b b
aabbc c aabb aa bb 
aabbc c aabb aab b
aabbc c aabb aabb
aabbc c aabba a b b
aabbc c aabba a bb
aabbc c aabba ab b
aabbc c aabba abb
aabbc c aabbaa b b
aabbc c aabbaa bb
aabbc c aabbaab b
aabbc c aabbaabb
aabbc ca a b b a a b b
aabbc ca a b b a a bb
aabbc ca a b b a ab b
aabbc ca a b b a abb
aabbc ca a b b aa b b 
aabbc ca a b b aa bb
aabbc ca a b b aab b
aabbc ca a b b aabb
aabbc ca a b ba a b b
aabbc ca a b ba a bb
aabbc ca a b ba ab b
aabbc ca a b ba abb
aabbc ca a b baa b b
aabbc ca a b baa bb
aabbc ca a b baab b
aabbc ca a b baabb
aabbc ca a bb a a b b
aabbc ca a bb a a bb 
aabbc ca a bb a ab b
aabbc ca a bb a abb
aabbc ca a bb aa b b
aabbc ca a bb aa bb
aabbc ca a bb aab b
aabbc ca a bb aabb
aabbc ca a bba a b b
aabbc ca a bba a bb
aabbc ca a bba ab b
aabbc ca a bba abb
aabbc ca a bbaa b b
aabbc ca a bbaa bb
aabbc ca a bbaab b 
aabbc ca a bbaabb
aabbc ca ab b a a b b
aabbc ca ab b a a bb
aabbc ca ab b a ab b
aabbc ca ab b a abb
aabbc ca ab b aa b b
aabbc ca ab b aa bb
aabbc ca ab b aab b
aabbc ca ab b aabb
aabbc ca ab ba a b b
aabbc ca ab ba a bb
aabbc ca ab ba ab b
aabbc ca ab ba abb 
aabbc ca ab baa b b
aabbc ca ab baa bb
aabbc ca ab baab b
aabbc ca ab baabb
aabbc ca abb a a b b
aabbc ca abb a a bb
aabbc ca abb a ab b
aabbc ca abb a abb
aabbc ca abb aa b b
aabbc ca abb aa bb
aabbc ca abb aab b
aabbc ca abb aabb
aabbc ca abba a b b 
aabbc ca abba a bb
aabbc ca abba ab b
aabbc ca abba abb
aabbc ca abbaa b b
aabbc ca abbaa bb
aabbc ca abbaab b
aabbc ca abbaabb
aabbc caa b b a a b b
aabbc caa b b a a bb
aabbc caa b b a ab b
aabbc caa b b a abb 
aabbc caa b b aa b b
aabbc caa b b aa bb
aabbc caa b b aab b
aabbc caa b b aabb
aabbc caa b ba a b b
aabbc caa b ba a bb
aabbc caa b ba ab b
aabbc caa b ba abb
aabbc caa b baa b b
aabbc caa b baa bb
aabbc caa b baab b 
aabbc caa b baabb
aabbc caa bb a a b b
aabbc caa bb a a bb
aabbc caa bb a ab b
aabbc caa bb a abb
aabbc caa bb aa b b
aabbc caa bb aa bb
aabbc caa bb aab b
aabbc caa bb aabb
aabbc caa bba a b b
aabbc caa bba a bb
aabbc caa bba ab b 
aabbc caa bba abb
aabbc caa bbaa b b
aabbc caa bbaa bb
aabbc caa bbaab b
aabbc caa bbaabb
aabbc caab b a a b b
aabbc caab b a a bb
aabbc caab b a ab b
aabbc caab b a abb
aabbc caab b aa b b
aabbc caab b aa bb
aabbc caab b aab b 
aabbc caab b aabb
aabbc caab ba a b b
aabbc caab ba a bb
aabbc caab ba ab b
aabbc caab ba abb
aabbc caab baa b b
aabbc caab baa bb
aabbc caab baab b
aabbc caab baabb
aabbc caabb a a b b
aabbc caabb a a bb
aabbc caabb a ab b
aabbc caabb a abb
aabbc caabb aa b b
aabbc caabb aa bb
aabbc caabb aab b
aabbc caabb aabb
aabbc caabba a b b 
aabbc caabba a bb
aabbc caabba ab b
aabbc caabba abb
aabbc caabbaa b b
aabbc caabbaa bb
aabbc caabbaab b
aabbc caabbaabb
aabbcc a a b b a a b b
aabbcc a a b b a a bb
aabbcc a a b b a ab b
aabbcc a a b b a abb
aabbcc a a b b aa b b
aabbcc a a b b aa bb
aabbcc a a b b aab b 
aabbcc a a b b aabb
aabbcc a a b ba a b b
aabbcc a a b ba a bb
aabbcc a a b ba ab b
aabbcc a a b ba abb
aabbcc a a b baa b b
aabbcc a a b baa bb
aabbcc a a b baab b
aabbcc a a b baabb
aabbcc a a bb a a b b
aabbcc a a bb a a bb
aabbcc a a bb a ab b
aabbcc a a bb a abb
aabbcc a a bb aa b b 
aabbcc a a bb aa bb
aabbcc a a bb aab b
aabbcc a a bb aabb
aabbcc a a bba a b b
aabbcc a a bba a bb
aabbcc a a bba ab b
aabbcc a a bba abb
aabbcc a a bbaa b b
aabbcc a a bbaa bb
aabbcc a a bbaab b
aabbcc a a bbaabb
aabbcc a ab b a a b b
aabbcc a ab b a a bb 
aabbcc a ab b a ab b
aabbcc a ab b a abb
aabbcc a ab b aa b b
aabbcc a ab b aa bb
aabbcc a ab b aab b
aabbcc a ab b aabb
aabbcc a ab ba a b b
aabbcc a ab ba a bb
aabbcc a ab ba ab b
aabbcc a ab ba abb
aabbcc a ab baa b b
aabbcc a ab baa bb
aabbcc a ab baab b
aabbcc a ab baabb 
aabbcc a abb a a b b
aabbcc a abb a a bb
aabbcc a abb a ab b
aabbcc a abb a abb
aabbcc a abb aa b b
aabbcc a abb aa bb
aabbcc a abb aab b
aabbcc a abb aabb
aabbcc a abba a b b
aabbcc a abba a bb
aabbcc a abba ab b
aabbcc a abba abb
aabbcc a abbaa b b
aabbcc a abbaa bb
aabbcc a abbaab b 
aabbcc a abbaabb
aabbcc aa b b a a b b
aabbcc aa b b a a bb
aabbcc aa b b a ab b
aabbcc aa b b a abb
aabbcc aa b b aa b b
aabbcc aa b b aa bb
aabbcc aa b b aab b
aabbcc aa b b aabb
aabbcc aa b ba a b b
aabbcc aa b ba a bb
aabbcc aa b ba ab b
aabbcc aa b ba abb
aabbcc aa b baa b b 
aabbcc aa b baa bb
aabbcc aa b baab b
aabbcc aa b baabb
aabbcc aa bb a a b b
aabbcc aa bb a a bb
aabbcc aa bb a ab b
aabbcc aa bb a abb
aabbcc aa bb aa b b
aabbcc aa bb aa bb
aabbcc aa bb aab b
aabbcc aa bb aabb
aabbcc aa bba a b b
aabbcc aa bba a bb 
aabbcc aa bba ab b
aabbcc aa bba abb
aabbcc aa bbaa b b
aabbcc aa bbaa bb
aabbcc aa bbaab b
aabbcc aa bbaabb
aabbcc aab b a a b b
aabbcc aab b a a bb
aabbcc aab b a ab b
aabbcc aab b a abb
aabbcc aab b aa b b
aabbcc aab b aa bb
aabbcc aab b aab b
aabbcc aab b aabb 
aabbcc aab ba a b b
aabbcc aab ba a bb
aabbcc aab ba ab b
aabbcc aab ba abb
aabbcc aab baa b b
aabbcc aab baa bb
aabbcc aab baab b
aabbcc aab baabb
aabbcc aabb a a b b
aabbcc aabb a a bb
aabbcc aabb a ab b
aabbcc aabb a abb
aabbcc aabb aa b b
aabbcc aabb aa bb
aabbcc aabb aab b
aabbcc aabb aabb
aabbcc aabba a b b 
aabbcc aabba a bb
aabbcc aabba ab b
aabbcc aabba abb
aabbcc aabbaa b b
aabbcc aabbaa bb
aabbcc aabbaab b
aabbcc aabbaabb
aabbcca a b b a a b b
aabbcca a b b a a bb
aabbcca a b b a ab b
aabbcca a b b a abb
aabbcca a b b aa b b
aabbcca a b b aa bb
aabbcca a b b aab b
aabbcca a b b aabb 
aabbcca a b ba a b b
aabbcca a b ba a bb
aabbcca a b ba ab b
aabbcca a b ba abb
aabbcca a b baa b b
aabbcca a b baa bb
aabbcca a b baab b
aabbcca a b baabb
aabbcca a bb a a b b
aabbcca a bb a a bb
aabbcca a bb a ab b
aabbcca a bb a abb
aabbcca a bb aa b b
aabbcca a bb aa bb
aabbcca a bb aab b 
aabbcca a bb aabb
aabbcca a bba a b b
aabbcca a bba a bb
aabbcca a bba ab b
aabbcca a bba abb
aabbcca a bbaa b b
aabbcca a bbaa bb
aabbcca a bbaab b
aabbcca a bbaabb
aabbcca ab b a a b b
aabbcca ab b a a bb
aabbcca ab b a ab b
aabbcca ab b a abb
aabbcca ab b aa b b
aabbcca ab b aa bb
aabbcca ab b aab b
aabbcca ab b aabb 
aabbcca ab ba a b b
aabbcca ab ba a bb
aabbcca ab ba ab b
aabbcca ab ba abb
aabbcca ab baa b b
aabbcca ab baa bb
aabbcca ab baab b
aabbcca ab baabb
aabbcca abb a a b b
aabbcca abb a a bb
aabbcca abb a ab b
aabbcca abb a abb
aabbcca abb aa b b
aabbcca abb aa bb
aabbcca abb aab b
aabbcca abb aabb
aabbcca abba a b b
aabbcca abba a bb 
aabbcca abba ab b
aabbcca abba abb
aabbcca abbaa b b
aabbcca abbaa bb
aabbcca abbaab b
aabbcca abbaabb
aabbccaa b b a a b b
aabbccaa b b a a bb
aabbccaa b b a ab b
aabbccaa b b a abb
aabbccaa b b aa b b
aabbccaa b b aa bb
aabbccaa b b aab b
aabbccaa b b aabb
aabbccaa b ba a b b
aabbccaa b ba a bb
aabbccaa b ba ab b 
aabbccaa b ba abb
aabbccaa b baa b b
aabbccaa b baa bb
aabbccaa b baab b
aabbccaa b baabb
aabbccaa bb a a b b
aabbccaa bb a a bb
aabbccaa bb a ab b
aabbccaa bb a abb
aabbccaa bb aa b b
aabbccaa bb aa bb
aabbccaa bb aab b
aabbccaa bb aabb
aabbccaa bba a b b
aabbccaa bba a bb
aabbccaa bba ab b
aabbccaa bba abb 
aabbccaa bbaa b b
aabbccaa bbaa bb
aabbccaa bbaab b
aabbccaa bbaabb
aabbccaab b a a b b
aabbccaab b a a bb
aabbccaab b a ab b
aabbccaab b a abb
aabbccaab b aa b b
aabbccaab b aa bb
aabbccaab b aab b
aabbccaab b aabb
aabbccaab ba a b b
aabbccaab ba a bb
aabbccaab ba ab b
aabbccaab ba abb
aabbccaab baa b b
aabbccaab baa bb
aabbccaab baab b
aabbccaab baabb
aabbccaabb a a b b
aabbccaabb a a bb
aabbccaabb a ab b
aabbccaabb a abb
aabbccaabb aa b b
aabbccaabb aa bb
aabbccaabb aab b
aabbccaabb aabb
aabbccaabba a b b
aabbccaabba a bb
aabbccaabba ab b
aabbccaabba abb
aabbccaabbaa b b
aabbccaabbaa bb
aabbccaabbaab b
aabbccaabbaabb




